1. Why do I want to learn this skill?
  What does it mean to you? What are your motivations? Will you prove something
  to yourself or people around you? Will you get a raise because you're better
  at your job or will you get a better job?

  Answer: I want to learn web programming because I realized I became stagnant
  in my education as a programmer. I started learning Java in high school and
  continued that path by majoring in Computer Science. Somewhere along the way,
  I lost that drive; programming became a chore. I want to prove to myself, and
  my boyfriend who suggested this course, that I can still become the
  programmer I was meant to be.

2. What will I achieve if I learn this skill?
  Which doors will this skill open for you? Will you be able to earn more, have
  more flexibility in your work hours, work remotely and travel more?

  Answer: I would reopen old doors once I have mastered web programming. Most
  of my CS education was theory based because I had chosen to become a teacher.
  Teaching is an amazing profession, and I love seeing children learn new
  things. However, I need to be realistic and remember I'm much more built to
  programs than confront each new generation. Perhaps gaining confidence in web
  programming will give me confidence in other areas as well...

3. How will this skill change my life and my career?
  Would you get a raise at your current job or more respect from your boss once
  you've learnt this skill? Or will you be at Facebook, Amazon or Google
  instead? How would your life change?

  Answer: Being able to efficiently program on the web will enable me to get
  back into industry instead of being relegated to purely academic fields.
  There is nothing wrong with being in academia for an entire lifetime, but I
  want to make enough money to where I don't have to worry about staying
  financially stable if I miss a day of work.

4. How will learning this skill impact the lives of my family, friends and
  coworkers?
  What will you be able to do for your family or friends once you've learnt
  this skill? How will it change the way they think of you? Will your coworkers
  respect you more?

  Answer: I'm hoping my family will see that I have useful skills again. Most
  of the activities I do well are not things in which to be gainfully employed.
  Sure, it'd be nice if I found a job doing what I love, but at the very least
  I can settle for a job at which I do well.

5. How will I feel if I never accomplish this?
  Would you feel disappointed? Would you feel like you've missed out?

  Answer: If I never figure out web programming, I would feel as if my last
  chance had sailed. It's been over five years since I graduated college and
  I've only held one position that utilized a fraction of my programming
  skills. It's time I stopped feeling disappointed in myself and started
  believing instead.

6. What would my life look like if I manage to accomplish this?
  Visualize it. What would life look like from the moment you wake up to the
  time you go to sleep? Will you be living by the sea? Would you kiss your
  beautiful wife/husband when you wake up?

  Answer: I'd wake up feeling free of my parents's expectations. I would get
  excited to learn things again. I would hope to be married, but I would also
  be happy being in a stable relationship; it wouldn't matter where I was as
  long as I had them.
